# Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`namespace `[`Lucidtech::Las`](#a00024) | 
`namespace `[`Lucidtech::Las::Core`](#a00025) | 
`namespace `[`Lucidtech::Las::Utils`](#a00026) | 

# namespace `Lucidtech::Las` 

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`class `[`Lucidtech::Las::ApiClient`](#a00048) | A high level client to invoke API methods from [Lucidtech](#a00023) AI Services.
`class `[`Lucidtech::Las::Client`](#a00052) | A low level client to invoke api methods from [Lucidtech](#a00023) AI Services.

# class `Lucidtech::Las::ApiClient` 

```
class Lucidtech::Las::ApiClient
  : public Lucidtech.Las.Client
```  

A high level client to invoke API methods from [Lucidtech](#a00023) AI Services.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public inline  `[`ApiClient`](#a00048_1ae3fb861fcb63fc53ef189021f31e94e6)`()` | [ApiClient](#a00048) constructor with credentials read from local file.
`public inline  `[`ApiClient`](#a00048_1a5000f9975fdf94c890f721e3b1921bec)`(`[`AmazonCredentials`](#a00076)` credentials)` | [ApiClient](#a00048) constructor.
`public inline `[`Prediction`](#a00080)` `[`Predict`](#a00048_1a8fddf2de600c64f51788a5318102d7fb)`(string documentPath,string modelName,string consentId)` | Run inference and create prediction on document, this method takes care of creating and uploaded document as well as running inference to create prediction on document.
`public inline `[`FeedbackResponse`](#a00088)` `[`SendFeedback`](#a00048_1af318f59c6854feaded4e4c21f3fe441b)`(string documentId,List< Dictionary< string, string >> feedback)` | Send feedback to the model. This method takes care of sending feedback related to a document specified by documentId. Feedback consists of ground truth values for the document specified as a List of Dictionaries.
`public inline `[`RevokeResponse`](#a00084)` `[`RevokeConsent`](#a00048_1a8fbb4629795670a9b1e65b14cf471e6a)`(string consentId)` | Revoke consent and delete all documents associated with consentId. Consent id is a parameter that is provided by the user upon making a prediction on a document.

## Members

#### `public inline  `[`ApiClient`](#a00048_1ae3fb861fcb63fc53ef189021f31e94e6)`()` 

[ApiClient](#a00048) constructor with credentials read from local file.

#### `public inline  `[`ApiClient`](#a00048_1a5000f9975fdf94c890f721e3b1921bec)`(`[`AmazonCredentials`](#a00076)` credentials)` 

[ApiClient](#a00048) constructor.

#### Parameters
* `credentials` Keys and credentials needed for authorization

#### `public inline `[`Prediction`](#a00080)` `[`Predict`](#a00048_1a8fddf2de600c64f51788a5318102d7fb)`(string documentPath,string modelName,string consentId)` 

Run inference and create prediction on document, this method takes care of creating and uploaded document as well as running inference to create prediction on document.

```cpp
using namespace Lucidtech.Las; 
ApiClient apiClient = new ApiClient(); 
Prediction response =
apiClient.Predict(documentPath: "document.jpeg", modelName: "invoice", consentId: "bar"); 
Console.WriteLine(response.ToJsonString(Formatting.Indented)); 
```

#### Parameters
* `documentPath` Path to document to run inference on 

* `modelName` The name of the model to use for inference 

* `consentId` An identifier to mark the owner of the document handle 

#### Returns
Prediction on document

#### `public inline `[`FeedbackResponse`](#a00088)` `[`SendFeedback`](#a00048_1af318f59c6854feaded4e4c21f3fe441b)`(string documentId,List< Dictionary< string, string >> feedback)` 

Send feedback to the model. This method takes care of sending feedback related to a document specified by documentId. Feedback consists of ground truth values for the document specified as a List of Dictionaries.

```cpp
using namespace Lucidtech.Las; 
ApiClient apiClient = new ApiClient(); 
var feedback = new List<Dictionary<string, string>>() 
{ 
    new Dictionary<string, string>(){{"label", "total_amount"},{"value", "54.50"}}, 
    new Dictionary<string, string>(){{"label", "purchase_date"},{"value", "2007-07-30"}} 
}; 
FeedbackResponse response = apiClient.SendFeedback(documentId: '<documentId>', feedback: feedback); 
Console.WriteLine(response.ToJsonString(Formatting.Indented)); 
```

#### Parameters
* `documentId` Document id 

* `feedback` Ground truth values 

#### Returns
Data that can be used to confirm that the feedback uploaded was successful

#### `public inline `[`RevokeResponse`](#a00084)` `[`RevokeConsent`](#a00048_1a8fbb4629795670a9b1e65b14cf471e6a)`(string consentId)` 

Revoke consent and delete all documents associated with consentId. Consent id is a parameter that is provided by the user upon making a prediction on a document.

```cpp
using namespace Lucidtech.Las; 
ApiClient apiClient = new ApiClient(); 
RevokeResponse response = apiClient.RevokeConsent(consentId: '<consentId>'); 
Console.WriteLine(response.ToJsonString(Formatting.Indented)); 
```

#### Parameters
* `consentId` Delete documents associated with this consent id 

#### Returns
The document ids of the deleted documents, and their consent id

# class `Lucidtech::Las::Client` 

A low level client to invoke api methods from [Lucidtech](#a00023) AI Services.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`{property} RestClient `[`RestSharpClient`](#a00052_1a5e59cc310cc0dd101e74a16824f2fa3a) | 
`{property} `[`AmazonCredentials`](#a00076)` `[`Credentials`](#a00052_1a9cbce969c8ef19a70894424cf9a39e41) | 
`public inline  `[`Client`](#a00052_1acb8a1ebdb22971f7eba21c10df9ac552)`(`[`AmazonCredentials`](#a00076)` credentials)` | [Client](#a00052) constructor.
`public inline  `[`Client`](#a00052_1a0ba3cc00461a4ee4d4a346d9600efa4a)`()` | [Client](#a00052) constructor with credentials read from local file.
`public inline object `[`CreateDocument`](#a00052_1a8b51d0a908ac227728cfc579847d268f)`(byte [] content,string contentType,string consentId,string batchId,List< Dictionary< string, string >> feedback)` | Creates a document handle, calls the POST /documents endpoint
`public inline object `[`ListDocuments`](#a00052_1ad9c5618a352c26aad29dad46a804956d)`(string batchId,string consentId)` | Get documents from the REST API, calls the GET /documents endpoint.
`public inline object `[`CreatePrediction`](#a00052_1acb3c24f63b6a3e39ea328db7ba227039)`(string documentId,string modelName,int? maxPages,bool? autoRotate,Dictionary< string, object >? extras)` | Run inference and create a prediction, calls the POST /predictions endpoint.
`public inline object `[`GetDocument`](#a00052_1a1638a8fd9c03e35934af0c16d05cf90b)`(string documentId)` | Get document from the REST API, calls the GET /documents/{documentId} endpoint.
`public inline object `[`UpdateDocument`](#a00052_1a8ec3ef02704848828b65ba74521fa2ea)`(string documentId,List< Dictionary< string, string >> feedback)` | Post feedback to the REST API, calls the POST /documents/{documentId} endpoint. Posting feedback means posting the ground truth data for the particular document. This enables the API to learn from past mistakes.
`public inline object `[`DeleteConsent`](#a00052_1aa5a2b70bdf4b2e3760a661b4e0439d30)`(string consentId)` | Delete documents with this consentId, calls DELETE /consent/{consentId} endpoint.
`public inline object `[`CreateBatch`](#a00052_1a013cdbd44b9506d6da12bc17e9fdb6fb)`(string description)` | Create a batch handle, calls the POST /batches endpoint.

## Members

#### `{property} RestClient `[`RestSharpClient`](#a00052_1a5e59cc310cc0dd101e74a16824f2fa3a) 

#### `{property} `[`AmazonCredentials`](#a00076)` `[`Credentials`](#a00052_1a9cbce969c8ef19a70894424cf9a39e41) 

#### `public inline  `[`Client`](#a00052_1acb8a1ebdb22971f7eba21c10df9ac552)`(`[`AmazonCredentials`](#a00076)` credentials)` 

[Client](#a00052) constructor.

#### Parameters
* `credentials` Keys, endpoints and credentials needed for authorization

#### `public inline  `[`Client`](#a00052_1a0ba3cc00461a4ee4d4a346d9600efa4a)`()` 

[Client](#a00052) constructor with credentials read from local file.

#### `public inline object `[`CreateDocument`](#a00052_1a8b51d0a908ac227728cfc579847d268f)`(byte [] content,string contentType,string consentId,string batchId,List< Dictionary< string, string >> feedback)` 

Creates a document handle, calls the POST /documents endpoint

Create a document handle for a jpeg image 
```cpp
Client client = new Client();
byte[] content = File.ReadAllBytes("MyReceipt.jpeg");
var response = client.CreateDocument(content, "image/jpeg", "bar");
```

#### Parameters
* `content` Content to POST 

* `contentType` A mime type for the document handle 

* `consentId` An identifier to mark the owner of the document handle 

* `batchId` Specifies the batch to which the document will be associated with 

* `feedback` A list of feedback items {label: value}, representing the ground truth values for the document 

#### Returns
A deserialized object that can be interpreted as a Dictionary with the fields with batchId, documentId, contentType and consentId

#### `public inline object `[`ListDocuments`](#a00052_1ad9c5618a352c26aad29dad46a804956d)`(string batchId,string consentId)` 

Get documents from the REST API, calls the GET /documents endpoint.

Create a document handle for a jpeg image 
```cpp
Client client = new Client();
var response = client.ListDocuments('<batchId>');
```

#### Parameters
* `batchId` The batch id that contains the documents of interest 

* `consentId` An identifier to mark the owner of the document handle 

#### Returns
Documents from REST API contained in batch

#### `public inline object `[`CreatePrediction`](#a00052_1acb3c24f63b6a3e39ea328db7ba227039)`(string documentId,string modelName,int? maxPages,bool? autoRotate,Dictionary< string, object >? extras)` 

Run inference and create a prediction, calls the POST /predictions endpoint.

Run inference and create a prediction using the invoice model on the document specified by '<documentId>' 
```cpp
Client client = new Client();
var response = client.CreatePrediction('<documentId>',"invoice");
```

#### Parameters
* `documentId` Path to document to upload Same as provided to [CreateDocument](#a00052_1a8b51d0a908ac227728cfc579847d268f)

* `modelName` The name of the model to use for inference 

* `maxPages` Maximum number of pages to run predictions on 

* `autoRotate` Whether or not to let the API try different rotations on the document when running 

* `extras` Extra information to add to json body 

#### Returns
A deserialized object that can be interpreted as a Dictionary with the fields documentId and predictions, the value of predictions is the output from the model.

#### `public inline object `[`GetDocument`](#a00052_1a1638a8fd9c03e35934af0c16d05cf90b)`(string documentId)` 

Get document from the REST API, calls the GET /documents/{documentId} endpoint.

Get information of document specified by <documentId> 
```cpp
Client client = new Client();
var response = client.GetDocument('<documentId>');
```

#### Parameters
* `documentId` The document id to run inference and create a prediction on 

#### Returns
Document information from REST API

#### `public inline object `[`UpdateDocument`](#a00052_1a8ec3ef02704848828b65ba74521fa2ea)`(string documentId,List< Dictionary< string, string >> feedback)` 

Post feedback to the REST API, calls the POST /documents/{documentId} endpoint. Posting feedback means posting the ground truth data for the particular document. This enables the API to learn from past mistakes.

```cpp
Client client = new Client();
var feedback = new List<Dictionary<string, string>>()
{
    new Dictionary<string, string>(){{"label", "total_amount"},{"value", "54.50"}},
    new Dictionary<string, string>(){{"label", "purchase_date"},{"value", "2007-07-30"}}
};
var response = client.UpdateDocument('<documentId>', feedback);
```

#### Parameters
* `documentId` Path to document to upload, Same as provided to [CreateDocument](#a00052_1a8b51d0a908ac227728cfc579847d268f)

* `feedback` A list of feedback items 

#### Returns
A deserialized object that can be interpreted as a Dictionary with the fields documentId, consentId, uploadUrl, contentType and feedback.

#### `public inline object `[`DeleteConsent`](#a00052_1aa5a2b70bdf4b2e3760a661b4e0439d30)`(string consentId)` 

Delete documents with this consentId, calls DELETE /consent/{consentId} endpoint.

```cpp
Client client = new Client();
var response = client.DeleteConsent('<consentId>');
```

#### Parameters
* `consentId` Delete documents with provided consentId 

#### Returns
A deserialized object that can be interpreted as a Dictionary with the fields consentId and documentIds

#### `public inline object `[`CreateBatch`](#a00052_1a013cdbd44b9506d6da12bc17e9fdb6fb)`(string description)` 

Create a batch handle, calls the POST /batches endpoint.

Create a new batch with the provided description. on the document specified by '<batchId>' 
```cpp
Client client = new Client();
var response = client.CreateBatch("Data gathered from the Mars Rover Invoice Scan Mission");
```

#### Parameters
* `description` A brief description of the purpose of the batch 

#### Returns
A deserialized object that can be interpreted as a Dictionary with the fields batchId and description. batchId can be used as an input when posting documents to make them a part of this batch.

# namespace `Lucidtech::Las::Core` 

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`class `[`Lucidtech::Las::Core::AmazonCredentials`](#a00076) | Used to fetch and store credentials. One of 3 conditions must be met to successfully create credentials.
`class `[`Lucidtech::Las::Core::ClientException`](#a00056) | A [ClientException](#a00056) is raised if the client refuses to send request due to incorrect usage or bad request data.
`class `[`Lucidtech::Las::Core::FeedbackResponse`](#a00088) | The structured format of the response from a send feedback request.
`class `[`Lucidtech::Las::Core::InvalidCredentialsException`](#a00060) | An [InvalidCredentialsException](#a00060) is raised if api key, access key id or secret access key is invalid.
`class `[`Lucidtech::Las::Core::LimitExceededException`](#a00068) | A [LimitExceededException](#a00068) is raised if you have reached the limit of total requests per month associated with your credentials.
`class `[`Lucidtech::Las::Core::Prediction`](#a00080) | A class that contains all the necessary information regarding a prediction performed by [ApiClient](#a00048).
`class `[`Lucidtech::Las::Core::RequestException`](#a00072) | A [RequestException](#a00072) is raised if something went wrong with the request.
`class `[`Lucidtech::Las::Core::RevokeResponse`](#a00084) | The structured format of the response from a revoke consent request.
`class `[`Lucidtech::Las::Core::TooManyRequestsException`](#a00064) | A [TooManyRequestsException](#a00064) is raised if you have reached the number of requests per second limit associated with your credentials.

# class `Lucidtech::Las::Core::AmazonCredentials` 

Used to fetch and store credentials. One of 3 conditions must be met to successfully create credentials.

* ClientId, ClientSecret, ApiKey, AuthEndpoint and ApiEndpoint are provided

* The path to the file where the credentials are stored is provided

* Credentials are located in default path ~/.lucidtech/credentials.cfg

Get credentials by contacting [hello@lucidtech.ai](mailto:hello@lucidtech.ai)

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`{property} string `[`ClientId`](#a00076_1a17bd08b31f6abde5e3ef98a8799ede16) | [Client](#a00052) ID. Provided by [Lucidtech](#a00023).
`{property} string `[`ClientSecret`](#a00076_1a502f1ca2ea089165a262c6effab80a5c) | [Client](#a00052) Secret. Provided by [Lucidtech](#a00023).
`{property} string `[`ApiKey`](#a00076_1a2634677fa10dc8816ea10e0d5699a57f) | AWS API Gateway API key. Provided by [Lucidtech](#a00023).
`{property} string `[`AuthEndpoint`](#a00076_1a75641588e4e15c71edb5ffdbd25f1afd) | AWS Authorization endpoint. Provided by [Lucidtech](#a00023).
`{property} string `[`ApiEndpoint`](#a00076_1a121cd627ca5d1c640bb3e3a4f019b335) | AWS API Gateway API endpoint. Provided by [Lucidtech](#a00023).
`{property} RestClient `[`RestSharpClient`](#a00076_1a8fd958b47704d68bd9d6dab82e54617a) | RestClient for making request to the authorization endpoint.
`public inline string `[`GetAccessToken`](#a00076_1a5a8bb218c0b21469826d2a997e76c5c6)`()` | Get Access token to API endpoint.
`public inline  `[`AmazonCredentials`](#a00076_1a50d4c49762d745dfcfedcbabf83565eb)`(string clientId,string clientSecret,string apiKey,string authEndpoint,string apiEndpoint)` | Credentials constructor where ClientId, ClientSecret, ApiKey, AuthEndpoint and ApiEndpoint are provided by [Lucidtech](#a00023).
`public inline  `[`AmazonCredentials`](#a00076_1a929e91e63462faa2576538e3619e0b3e)`(string credentialsPath)` | Credentials constructor where the path to the credentials config is provided.
`public inline  `[`AmazonCredentials`](#a00076_1a2f4c5415a4dba41c96c8c368f0db5b77)`()` | Credentials constructor where the credentials are located at the default path. ~/.lucidtech/credentials.cfg for linux and USERPROFILE%.lucidtech\credentials.cfg for Windows.
`protected  `[`string`](#a00076_1a83186a29d65c84f3940dfde0e968a391) | 
`protected inline virtual void `[`CommonConstructor`](#a00076_1a2f9aec7c117109a14625c8a2de0a8aa6)`()` | 

## Members

#### `{property} string `[`ClientId`](#a00076_1a17bd08b31f6abde5e3ef98a8799ede16) 

[Client](#a00052) ID. Provided by [Lucidtech](#a00023).

#### `{property} string `[`ClientSecret`](#a00076_1a502f1ca2ea089165a262c6effab80a5c) 

[Client](#a00052) Secret. Provided by [Lucidtech](#a00023).

#### `{property} string `[`ApiKey`](#a00076_1a2634677fa10dc8816ea10e0d5699a57f) 

AWS API Gateway API key. Provided by [Lucidtech](#a00023).

#### `{property} string `[`AuthEndpoint`](#a00076_1a75641588e4e15c71edb5ffdbd25f1afd) 

AWS Authorization endpoint. Provided by [Lucidtech](#a00023).

#### `{property} string `[`ApiEndpoint`](#a00076_1a121cd627ca5d1c640bb3e3a4f019b335) 

AWS API Gateway API endpoint. Provided by [Lucidtech](#a00023).

#### `{property} RestClient `[`RestSharpClient`](#a00076_1a8fd958b47704d68bd9d6dab82e54617a) 

RestClient for making request to the authorization endpoint.

#### `public inline string `[`GetAccessToken`](#a00076_1a5a8bb218c0b21469826d2a997e76c5c6)`()` 

Get Access token to API endpoint.

#### `public inline  `[`AmazonCredentials`](#a00076_1a50d4c49762d745dfcfedcbabf83565eb)`(string clientId,string clientSecret,string apiKey,string authEndpoint,string apiEndpoint)` 

Credentials constructor where ClientId, ClientSecret, ApiKey, AuthEndpoint and ApiEndpoint are provided by [Lucidtech](#a00023).

#### Parameters
* `clientId` client id 

* `clientSecret` client secret 

* `apiKey` API key 

* `authEndpoint` Authorization endpoint 

* `apiEndpoint` API endpoint 

#### Exceptions
* `ArgumentException`

#### `public inline  `[`AmazonCredentials`](#a00076_1a929e91e63462faa2576538e3619e0b3e)`(string credentialsPath)` 

Credentials constructor where the path to the credentials config is provided.

#### Parameters
* `credentialsPath` Path to the file where the credentials are stored

#### `public inline  `[`AmazonCredentials`](#a00076_1a2f4c5415a4dba41c96c8c368f0db5b77)`()` 

Credentials constructor where the credentials are located at the default path. ~/.lucidtech/credentials.cfg for linux and USERPROFILE%.lucidtech\credentials.cfg for Windows.

#### `protected  `[`string`](#a00076_1a83186a29d65c84f3940dfde0e968a391) 

#### `protected inline virtual void `[`CommonConstructor`](#a00076_1a2f9aec7c117109a14625c8a2de0a8aa6)`()` 

# class `Lucidtech::Las::Core::ClientException` 

```
class Lucidtech::Las::Core::ClientException
  : public Exception
```  

A [ClientException](#a00056) is raised if the client refuses to send request due to incorrect usage or bad request data.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public inline  `[`ClientException`](#a00056_1adcb7f76b61fa3b414e4e71ceaca9fdad)`(string s)` | 

## Members

#### `public inline  `[`ClientException`](#a00056_1adcb7f76b61fa3b414e4e71ceaca9fdad)`(string s)` 

# class `Lucidtech::Las::Core::FeedbackResponse` 

The structured format of the response from a send feedback request.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`{property} string `[`DocumentId`](#a00088_1a583fa4e93b2e4d42bc87a8de8e1155ae) | Document id
`{property} string `[`ConsentId`](#a00088_1a3cea748b281d1b4d14690c639f4e2ec6) | Consent id
`{property} string `[`ContentType`](#a00088_1a3410256cf5cb1e92bddb635c79590244) | Content type
`{property} List< Dictionary< string, string > > `[`Feedback`](#a00088_1a58bcc016725bbf3cd77d9d9707c8f633) | The same information as was uploaded as feedback.
`public inline  `[`FeedbackResponse`](#a00088_1a4d8a83b695036d1949218035465561a4)`(object response)` | 
`public inline string `[`ToJsonString`](#a00088_1ab7ca7a2e4f4362d7ba26a4f111bc7426)`(Formatting format)` | Convert an object of this class to a string ready to be interpreted as a json object.

## Members

#### `{property} string `[`DocumentId`](#a00088_1a583fa4e93b2e4d42bc87a8de8e1155ae) 

Document id

#### `{property} string `[`ConsentId`](#a00088_1a3cea748b281d1b4d14690c639f4e2ec6) 

Consent id

#### `{property} string `[`ContentType`](#a00088_1a3410256cf5cb1e92bddb635c79590244) 

Content type

#### `{property} List< Dictionary< string, string > > `[`Feedback`](#a00088_1a58bcc016725bbf3cd77d9d9707c8f633) 

The same information as was uploaded as feedback.

#### `public inline  `[`FeedbackResponse`](#a00088_1a4d8a83b695036d1949218035465561a4)`(object response)` 

#### `public inline string `[`ToJsonString`](#a00088_1ab7ca7a2e4f4362d7ba26a4f111bc7426)`(Formatting format)` 

Convert an object of this class to a string ready to be interpreted as a json object.

#### Parameters
* `format` The format of the string, either `Formatting.None` or `Formatting.Indented`

#### Returns
A string that is formatted as a json object

# class `Lucidtech::Las::Core::InvalidCredentialsException` 

```
class Lucidtech::Las::Core::InvalidCredentialsException
  : public Lucidtech.Las.Core.ClientException
```  

An [InvalidCredentialsException](#a00060) is raised if api key, access key id or secret access key is invalid.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public inline  `[`InvalidCredentialsException`](#a00060_1a666a601ee2b46cd24f54dc062a228d85)`(string s)` | 

## Members

#### `public inline  `[`InvalidCredentialsException`](#a00060_1a666a601ee2b46cd24f54dc062a228d85)`(string s)` 

# class `Lucidtech::Las::Core::LimitExceededException` 

```
class Lucidtech::Las::Core::LimitExceededException
  : public Lucidtech.Las.Core.ClientException
```  

A [LimitExceededException](#a00068) is raised if you have reached the limit of total requests per month associated with your credentials.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public inline  `[`LimitExceededException`](#a00068_1a531eacc7391269340a13d3accebf5d6b)`(string s)` | 

## Members

#### `public inline  `[`LimitExceededException`](#a00068_1a531eacc7391269340a13d3accebf5d6b)`(string s)` 

# class `Lucidtech::Las::Core::Prediction` 

A class that contains all the necessary information regarding a prediction performed by [ApiClient](#a00048).

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`{property} string `[`ConsentId`](#a00080_1aff35bf96ba266b12fcd51c39f9980398) | Consent id
`{property} string `[`ModelName`](#a00080_1a3e77070cbaf240ad9e83cbc0d8ca0cae) | Upload url
`{property} string `[`DocumentId`](#a00080_1ad4c7eebd91ad8bf95fb920af3720ab45) | Document id
`{property} List< Dictionary< string, object > > `[`Fields`](#a00080_1ad88d7e901b90fcb00f6788bce2cde1ec) | A list of the responses from a prediction
`public inline  `[`Prediction`](#a00080_1ad2683829a91fd8809e00aeb35c412901)`(string documentId,string consentId,string modelName,List< Dictionary< string, object >> predictionResponse)` | Constructor of s [Prediction](#a00080) object
`public inline string `[`ToJsonString`](#a00080_1a8e22ad69756c2a1d0582d8d6c2dbc9bc)`(Formatting format)` | Convert an object of this class to a string ready to be interpreted as a json object.

## Members

#### `{property} string `[`ConsentId`](#a00080_1aff35bf96ba266b12fcd51c39f9980398) 

Consent id

#### `{property} string `[`ModelName`](#a00080_1a3e77070cbaf240ad9e83cbc0d8ca0cae) 

Upload url

#### `{property} string `[`DocumentId`](#a00080_1ad4c7eebd91ad8bf95fb920af3720ab45) 

Document id

#### `{property} List< Dictionary< string, object > > `[`Fields`](#a00080_1ad88d7e901b90fcb00f6788bce2cde1ec) 

A list of the responses from a prediction

#### `public inline  `[`Prediction`](#a00080_1ad2683829a91fd8809e00aeb35c412901)`(string documentId,string consentId,string modelName,List< Dictionary< string, object >> predictionResponse)` 

Constructor of s [Prediction](#a00080) object

#### Parameters
* `documentId` The id of the document used in the prediction 

* `consentId` The consent id 

* `modelName` The name of the model used 

* `predictionResponse` The response from prediction

#### `public inline string `[`ToJsonString`](#a00080_1a8e22ad69756c2a1d0582d8d6c2dbc9bc)`(Formatting format)` 

Convert an object of this class to a string ready to be interpreted as a json object.

#### Parameters
* `format` The format of the string, either `Formatting.None` or `Formatting.Indented`

#### Returns
A string that is formatted as a json object

# class `Lucidtech::Las::Core::RequestException` 

```
class Lucidtech::Las::Core::RequestException
  : public Lucidtech.Las.Core.ClientException
```  

A [RequestException](#a00072) is raised if something went wrong with the request.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`{property} IRestResponse `[`Response`](#a00072_1a20b3caf6340de32e418ba8c62ab05b82) | 
`public inline  `[`RequestException`](#a00072_1a587aab0b41a24b283809e77493870f2a)`(string s)` | 
`public inline  `[`RequestException`](#a00072_1ac3e3f5ebf0ec4517e27efabdc36c11d6)`(IRestResponse response)` | 

## Members

#### `{property} IRestResponse `[`Response`](#a00072_1a20b3caf6340de32e418ba8c62ab05b82) 

#### `public inline  `[`RequestException`](#a00072_1a587aab0b41a24b283809e77493870f2a)`(string s)` 

#### `public inline  `[`RequestException`](#a00072_1ac3e3f5ebf0ec4517e27efabdc36c11d6)`(IRestResponse response)` 

# class `Lucidtech::Las::Core::RevokeResponse` 

The structured format of the response from a revoke consent request.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`{property} string `[`ConsentId`](#a00084_1a5c9404abd75b168b34bc451e3ee056c2) | The consent Id where documents where deleted.
`{property} List< string > `[`DocumentIds`](#a00084_1aab7c6599db6b09938ad642281f67cebb) | The document Ids of the deleted documents.
`public inline  `[`RevokeResponse`](#a00084_1a87c59407fc6eb36f9b868c412977970a)`(object deleteConsentResponse)` | 
`public inline string `[`ToJsonString`](#a00084_1a8b10fa6a2df43e00ea552a0c9814bb70)`(Formatting format)` | Convert an object of this class to a string ready to be interpreted as a json object.

## Members

#### `{property} string `[`ConsentId`](#a00084_1a5c9404abd75b168b34bc451e3ee056c2) 

The consent Id where documents where deleted.

#### `{property} List< string > `[`DocumentIds`](#a00084_1aab7c6599db6b09938ad642281f67cebb) 

The document Ids of the deleted documents.

#### `public inline  `[`RevokeResponse`](#a00084_1a87c59407fc6eb36f9b868c412977970a)`(object deleteConsentResponse)` 

#### `public inline string `[`ToJsonString`](#a00084_1a8b10fa6a2df43e00ea552a0c9814bb70)`(Formatting format)` 

Convert an object of this class to a string ready to be interpreted as a json object.

#### Parameters
* `format` The format of the string, either `Formatting.None` or `Formatting.Indented`

#### Returns
A string that is formatted as a json object

# class `Lucidtech::Las::Core::TooManyRequestsException` 

```
class Lucidtech::Las::Core::TooManyRequestsException
  : public Lucidtech.Las.Core.ClientException
```  

A [TooManyRequestsException](#a00064) is raised if you have reached the number of requests per second limit associated with your credentials.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`public inline  `[`TooManyRequestsException`](#a00064_1a405f42f24fd1e1ffffb3609b6ea89bd2)`(string s)` | 

## Members

#### `public inline  `[`TooManyRequestsException`](#a00064_1a405f42f24fd1e1ffffb3609b6ea89bd2)`(string s)` 

# namespace `Lucidtech::Las::Utils` 

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`class `[`Lucidtech::Las::Utils::FileType`](#a00092) | Help determine the type of a file, inspired by pythons `imghdr.what()`.
`class `[`Lucidtech::Las::Utils::JsonSerialPublisher`](#a00096) | A Json publishes that allows the user to serialize and deserialize back and forth between serialized json objects and deserialized general objects and specific Dictionaries.

# class `Lucidtech::Las::Utils::FileType` 

Help determine the type of a file, inspired by pythons `imghdr.what()`.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------

## Members

# class `Lucidtech::Las::Utils::JsonSerialPublisher` 

```
class Lucidtech::Las::Utils::JsonSerialPublisher
  : public ISerializer
  : public IDeserializer
```  

A Json publishes that allows the user to serialize and deserialize back and forth between serialized json objects and deserialized general objects and specific Dictionaries.

## Summary

 Members                        | Descriptions                                
--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------
`{property} string `[`ContentType`](#a00096_1a4bccd73b0ef7355d9e4013c4dc69ed0e) | 
`public inline  `[`JsonSerialPublisher`](#a00096_1a4c11e94dba401f14ed1d3315ca17be59)`(Newtonsoft.Json.JsonSerializer serializer)` | 
`public inline string `[`Serialize`](#a00096_1aabb184cf8d6e6511e7b2a5e34fe259af)`(object obj)` | Serialize a general object.
`public inline T `[`Deserialize< T >`](#a00096_1a4d40df27e6e8fe372ef4b3a0f14fe85a)`(IRestResponse response)` | Deserialize the content of an IRestResponse.

## Members

#### `{property} string `[`ContentType`](#a00096_1a4bccd73b0ef7355d9e4013c4dc69ed0e) 

#### `public inline  `[`JsonSerialPublisher`](#a00096_1a4c11e94dba401f14ed1d3315ca17be59)`(Newtonsoft.Json.JsonSerializer serializer)` 

#### `public inline string `[`Serialize`](#a00096_1aabb184cf8d6e6511e7b2a5e34fe259af)`(object obj)` 

Serialize a general object.

#### Parameters
* `obj` A general object to be serialized 

#### Returns
A string ready to be interpreted as a json file

#### `public inline T `[`Deserialize< T >`](#a00096_1a4d40df27e6e8fe372ef4b3a0f14fe85a)`(IRestResponse response)` 

Deserialize the content of an IRestResponse.

#### Parameters
* `response` The response from a request performed by ` RestSharp.RestClient `

#### Parameters
* `T` The type of the output, e.g. Dictionary or a List of some sort 

#### Returns
A deserialized object of type *T*

Generated by [Moxygen](https://sourcey.com/moxygen)
